In the 50s and 60s, who were some of the leaders of College Station?
Well, the mayor was Ernest Langford, head of architecture department.
And there was, on the school board there was Bonnen and
Lancaster's were community leaders, the Schlesemans, Dr. Linnert.
There's another veterinarian that lives across the street from him.
I just can't call their names now, Haskell.
As far as I am aware, that almost every person in a community leadership role, school board, city, and so forth, almost every one of them were employed on the campus.
Just about 100%.
Because all of the community, everybody, all your neighbors and everything were faculty members employed on the campus.
Now, of course,
Fred?
Bryson?
No.
Landscape Architecture.
He's the one who planted all the trees on the campus.
Oh, yep, yep, yep.
Henson.
Fred Henson.
Because he predates Bob Rucker.
Yeah.
In campus landscape.
The trees were quite small when we got on the campus, but the people who were
on the campus, Wilcote, who was in foreign language, he was prominent, just everybody on campus.
They kind of took your rank off of campus, you know, off of campus, into the community.
because they had the higher the rank, the more money.
All right, let's head toward concluding this.
Do you remember any special highlight moments for you other than a child graduating or something like that?
Any special events in your Aggie memory?
The fondest one of all is one that you've been through.
Ah.
And what year did you win that watch?
1970.
That's the achievement award.
Did you have any warning?
None.
And what was your reaction?
You just kind of catch your breath and beat yourself to see if it's you.
I tell people that that was such a pleasant, pleasant surprise in front of your friends and colleagues
and now uh they send them a letter and have then a called meeting for and there's almost nobody attends yeah it's not nearly as much fun as it everybody was there and have your name called and you know you beat yourself to make sure you're not dreaming right right because uh one of my colleagues had told me at the msc
Before then, he said, you know, one of these years, you go win one of those.
And I said, yeah, I'll kiss your fanny when they give one of those to me.
And up on the stage later, when I got the award, he said, well, are you ready to kiss my fanny now in public?
I tell you, Haskell, from all I've heard about you, and I've heard quite a bit, it's all been very, very complimentary.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
Let's see.
Got two more questions to go.
Let's make believe somebody gave you
a million dollars with this restriction.
Here's a million dollars.
You pass it on to A&M for whatever purpose you would like it to be used for.
What would that purpose be?
I believe scholarships.
In what areas?
I would kind of divide it up.
Of course, I would make our department one of the recipients.
And our college was one of the recipients.
But I think in general to you, but I really believe in helping, you know, youngsters get through college.
I really believe in that.
All right, then the last question.
What did it mean to you in your life that you got that telephone call from Mr. Dowell?
From Mr. Penberthy?
Penberthy to come down here.
It's changed our life a thousand percent.
Life's entirely different.
If I'd stayed in Kansas City, we'd have had an entirely different life.
Now, we Presbyterians believe in predestination, that it was somebody had it planned.
Does it look that way to you?
Well, you know, I think of this.
I think how well the Lord has taken care of me and my family, our family, and the things that...
It looks like you kind of, sometimes I feel maybe I have a guardian angel, you know.
Somebody, do you believe in them?
I have to say, no, I don't think so.
But I kind of, down in my heart, I sort of believe in it.
So yes, I kind of think, I don't think you're predestined to whether or not you're going to live a Christian life.
I think that's a beauty.
I agree with you there.
Yeah.
But.
Let's quit with that.
Okay.